"Catapult Your Business to Fore, Gain Competitive Advantage "
Region : Global | Format: PDF | Report ID: FBI102433 
Share
 
The global SCADA market size was valued at USD 35.44 billion in 2022 and is projected to grow from USD 39.32 billion in 2023 to USD 65.86 billion by 2030, exhibiting a CAGR of 7.6% during the forecast period.
Supervisory control and data acquisition system is an industrial digital system used to monitor, control, assess the operations, and trigger alarm in case of malfunctioning in operations to ensure smooth, seamless, and effective operations in case of automated technologies in industrial setups. In the Industry 4.0 revolution, efforts to develop smart factory facilities, and effective monitoring of unmanned sites or sites with the limited workforce are proving to be real driving factors for the market.
Remote terminal units (RTU) are estimated to emerge as a fast-paced segment with a decent share of the market. The focus of the industrial facility operators is to reduce their workforce and augment the automation framework will reinforce the growth of the segment. In terms of market revenue generation, North America and Europe will collectively hold the majority of the shares in the market. The Asia Pacific region is estimated to witness swift growth in the global market.
COVID-19 Pandemic Curtailed Growth Prospects as a Short Term Impact Due to Shutdown of Industrial Facilities
The COVID-19 outbreak across every major economy we have considered across the global market has curtailed the pace of industry growth. Major economies, such as the U.S., China, Japan, and the U.K. are identified as prominent economies in the market. During the initial stage of the health emergency, all the industrial facilities had to face immediate shutdown and faced a severe cash crunch reducing their opportunities for growth. However, in the long term, the COVID-19 pandemic is estimated to provide positive outcomes for the market. The increasing trend of remote working and efforts of companies to reduce human workforce reduce human interaction by cementing autonomous operations is the main developing factor for the market.
 Request a Free sample to learn more about this report.
 Request a Free sample to learn more about this report.
Digital Transformation in Industrial Control Systems Due to Increasing Traction Toward Industry 4.0
Over the recent past, most industrial manufacturers are working rigorously and have also made unprecedented investments in order to incorporate digital transformation and to make automation operations achieve the goal perceived under Industry 4.0. The SCADA system underwent a holistic transformation with these efforts with the application of emerging digital technologies such as cloud computing, the Internet of Things (IoT), service-oriented architecture (SOA), cyber-physical systems, and Artificial Intelligence. Moreover, the customers and manufacturers of the system are trying to use these systems to achieve the intelligent management of overall manufacturing operations by elevating the level of autonomy, product and process quality, overall productivity, better level of flexibility, and equipment efficiency.
For instance, Emerson developed and launched a new industrial software platform. This software platform will help to create an advanced and technologically superior SCADA system which will be scalable software and will also assist to enhance operations with better decision-making, identification of the issues, and overall management of the industrial facility more effectively.
Rise in Compliance of SCADA in Portable Equipment To Promote Market Sales 
Supervisory control and data acquisition systems are primarily used to monitor and control the operations of the industrial processes. The ability of these systems to provide virtual control has gained a noteworthy traction from the customers due to growing trend of automation and wireless networking. Now, with increment in application of mobile phones by the employees the concept of portable workstations has gained a sizable popularity across diverse end use industries. Additionally, mobile phone based monitoring will provide more control by providing real time data collection, alarming, and reporting the data at virtually any locations imparting the operator better control to manage the floor of operation with elevated efficiency.
High Initial Investments Might Create Hindrance for Market Development
The installation and application of SCADA systems involve heavy investments in the initial stage of the project. The procurement of hardware equipment and integration of software with the installed system also ask for a heavy investment toll. Moreover, due to the complexity involved in the system, the facility operators require highly skilled and trained programmers, analysts, and operators to perform and maintain the operations of the SCADA system. The employment of skilled and trained workforce also increased the overhead operational cost of the industrial facility. This scenario is further escalating the obstruction involved in the incorporation of the system.
 To know how our report can help streamline your business,  Speak to Analyst  
 To know how our report can help streamline your business,  Speak to Analyst  
Services Segment to Register a Staggering Pace of Growth Due to Increasing Technology Integration Across Diverse Sets of Applications 
Based on offerings, the market is segmented into hardware, software, and services. The services segment is estimated to hold an edge in terms of market share in the global market and is projected to propel at a decent pace throughout the period of forecast. The increasing requirement of faster and seamless real time monitoring and emergence of automated technologies and artificial intelligence (AI) driven industrial facilities can be identified as one of the prominent reasons propelling industry expansion.
The solution developer companies are keen toward providing better connectivity and increasing smart data accessibility by enhancing the ability of their cloud based web application. The efforts of the end users to transform their operations in the Industry 4.0 is cited as a critical factor bolstering the growth of the services as well as software segment.
Remote Terminal Unit (RTU) to Garner Majority of Market Share Due to Growing Adoption in Automation Facilities 
On the basis of component, the market is categorized into programmable logic controller (PLC), remote terminal unit (RTU), human-machine interface (HMI), and others. In terms of SCADA market share, the remote terminal unit segment is expected to lead the charts outpacing the counterparts in the global market.
Post pandemic most of the prominent manufacturers and facility operators are trying to reduce their dependence on manual operations and increase the adoption of automation in their facilities. The remote terminal units deemed very helpful to monitor unmanned sites. The increasing precision and accuracy of sensors will provide healthy growth rate to programmable logic controller (PLC) in the market. The human machine interface segment is set to expand at a decent pace owing to the development of better machineries with more interactive and crisp graphical display for better control over the operations within the facility
Electric Utilities Segment to Experience a Significant Growth Owing to Increasing Usage for Data Acquisition
On the basis of application, the market is classified across industrial manufacturing, electric utilities, oil and gas, telecommunication, automotive and transportation, and others.  In terms of market share, the electric utilities segment will contribute for a hefty share in the global market. In terms of market development, industrial manufacturing is set to observe appreciable growth during the forecast period and will register a market share of about 30% by the end of 2030.
The systems installed with automated response to the system alarms and assistance in providing instant notifications about any critical failure or operational malfunction in production process. The technology is encouraging the customers from industrial manufacturing and electric utilities to incorporate supervisory control and data acquisition within their setups.
North America SCADA Market Size, 2022 (USD Billion)

  To get more information on the regional analysis of this market,  Request a Free sample  
North America SCADA Market Size, 2022 (USD Billion)
 To get more information on the regional analysis of this market,  Request a Free sample  
The market is analyzed across the North America, South America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa.
North America is currently estimated to hold a major chunk of the global market and is anticipated to retain its top spot during the forecast period. The strong presence of the key players in the region and their strong and interconnected distribution channel across the region is one of the important factors behind the decent performance of the region. Moreover, industrial facility operators in the region are trying to reduce the workforce at their facilities to increasing expenditure on the wages which is subsequently affecting the profit margin of the organizations. In order to strategically reduce the workforce and automate the operations, the companies are on priority working to integrate the wide range of automation systems and are relying on data based operations at their plants.
U.S. will hold a robust share in the global market and is anticipated to experience a swift pace of market development over the period of market forecast. The substantial presence of the prominent and established market players and effective automation of the operations in the industrial facilities are the two crucial factor supporting spurring market development
The Asia Pacific region is expected to make substantial inroads in the market with countries such as China, India, and Japan spearheading the SCADA market growth. Moreover, the development of the manufacturing clusters across developing economies such as India is expected to aid product demand in the region. The established and developed manufacturing clusters of China and Japan create an optimistic scenario for the sales of the product in the market of Asia Pacific. The exemplary performance of these countries in the manufacturing sector help them to collectively generate more than 70% of the regional revenue.
 To know how our report can help streamline your business,  Speak to Analyst  
 To know how our report can help streamline your business,  Speak to Analyst  
Europe is also identified as a prime contributor for the market behind only North America. Growing demand for the automation techniques across variety of industries in the region. The continuous technological advancements and efforts to enhance the structure of manufacturing facilities through the development of smart factories. The development of supervisory control and data acquisition systems with heterogeneous networks, better level of interoperability, application cloud and internet technologies, and big data analytics will flourish the market at an substantial pace over the slated period of time.
Companies Working to Initiate Organic and Inorganic Strategies to Have Competitive Lead 
The market is fragmented with top 10 players holding sizable share in the global market. There are numerous local and regional players with have promising hold within their respective geographies. The companies such as Schneider Electric, Omron Corporation, Emerson Electric, and others are trying to increase their hold in the global market by means of organic and inorganic strategies by trying to invest research and development and making to have product diversity in their portfolio by making innovative product launches and are working to have mergers and acquisitions to increase their presence across regions with multiple opportunities.


An Infographic Representation of SCADA Market 



 View Full Infographic




 To get information on various segments,  share your queries with us  

An Infographic Representation of SCADA Market 
 To get information on various segments,  share your queries with us  
The report provides a detailed analysis of the market and focuses on key aspects such as leading companies, component, and leading applications of the product. Besides, the report offers insights into the market trends and highlights key industry developments. In addition to the factors above, the report encompasses several factors that contributed to the growth of the market in recent years.
   ATTRIBUTE
  DETAILS
Study Period
2019-2030
Base Year
2022
Estimated Year
2023
Forecast Period
2023-2030
Historical Period
2019-2021
Growth Rate
CAGR of 7.6% from 2023 to 2030
Unit
Value (USD Billion)
Segmentation
By Offerings
By Component
By Application
By Region
As per Fortune Business Insights, the market size was USD 35.44 billion in 2022.
The market is likely to grow at a CAGR of 7.6% over the forecast period (2023-2030).
The industrial manufacturing segment is expected to lead the market due to the emergence of Industry 4.0 and smart factory automation.
The market size in North America stood at USD 14.06 billion in 2022.
Rise in portable equipment compliance is anticipated to provide a considerable boost to the market.
Some of the top players in the market are Emerson, Schneider, and Rockwell Automation. 
The U.S. dominated the industry in terms of market revenue in 2022.
Heavy investment in the initial stage of the installations and procurement is expected to curtail the market revenue over the period of market forecast.
Related Reports
“Kudos to your team. Thank you very much for your support and agility to answer our questions.”
“We appreciate you and your team taking out time to share the report and data file with us, and we are grateful for the flexibility provided to modify the document as per request. This does help us in our business decision making. We would be pleased to work with you again, and hope to continue our business relationship long into the future.”
“I want to first congratulate you on the great work done on the Medical Platforms project. Thank you so much for all your efforts.”
“Thank you very much. I really appreciate the work your team has done. I feel very comfortable recommending your services to some of the other startups that I’m working with, and will likely establish a good long partnership with you.”
“We received the below report on the U.S. market from you. We were very satisfied with the report.”
“I just finished my first pass-through of the report. Great work! Thank you!”
“Thanks again for the great work on our last partnership. We are ramping up a new project to understand the imaging and imaging service and distribution market in the U.S.”
“We feel positive about the results. Based on the presented results, we will do strategic review of this new information and might commission a detailed study on some of the modules included in the report after end of the year. Overall we are very satisfied and please pass on the praise to the team. Thank you for the co-operation!”
“Thank you very much for the very good report. I have another requirement on cutting tools, paper crafts and decorative items.”
“We are happy with the professionalism of your in-house research team as well as the quality of your research reports. Looking forward to work together on similar projects” 
“We appreciate the teamwork and efficiency for such an exhaustive and comprehensive report. The data offered to us was exactly what we were looking for. Thank you!”
“I recommend Fortune Business Insights for their honesty and flexibility. Not only that they were very responsive and dealt with all my questions very quickly but they also responded honestly and flexibly to the detailed requests from us in preparing the research report. We value them as a research company worthy of building long-term relationships.”
“Well done Fortune Business Insights! The report covered all the points and was very detailed. Looking forward to work together in the future”
“It has been a delightful experience working with you guys. Thank you Fortune Business Insights for your efforts and prompt response”
“I had a great experience working with Fortune Business Insights. The report was very accurate and as per my requirements. Very satisfied with the overall report as it has helped me to build strategies for my business”
“This is regarding the recent report I bought from Fortune Business insights. Remarkable job and great efforts by your research team. I would also like to thank the back end team for offering a continuous support and stitching together a report that is so comprehensive and exhaustive”
“Please pass on our sincere thanks to the whole team at Fortune Business Insights. This is a very good piece of work and will be very helpful to us going forward. We know where we will be getting business intelligence from in the future.”
“Thank you for sending the market report and data. It looks quite comprehensive and the data is exactly what I was looking for. I appreciate the timeliness and responsiveness of you and your team.”

+1 424 253 0390 (US)
 +44 2071 939123 (UK)
 +91 744 740 1245 (APAC)

[email protected]
The global SCADA market size was valued at $35.44 billion in 2022 & is projected to grow from $39.32 billion in 2023 to $65.86 billion by 2030
Read More at:-

© 2020 Fortune Business Insights . All rights reserved 
