
                                    International Distributors
                                

                                Affordable SCADA solutions available, call us for details   |  
                                
    +1 916 456 1045


                                Affordable SCADA solutions available, call us for details
+1 916 456 1045

Screens courtesy of Tamaki Control 

                            Ignition SCADA by Inductive Automation® combines an
                            unlimited licensing model,
                            with instant web-based deployment, and the industry-leading toolset for supervisory control and
                            data acquisition (SCADA) — all on one open and scalable universal platform.
                            Ignition is The New SCADA because it solves all the major
                            
                            pain points of old SCADA
                            . Ignition empowers your business to easily control your processes, and track, display, and analyze all your data, without limits.
                        
See why Ignition is The New SCADA
Unlimited tags, clients, screens, and connections
Web-launch clients to any device with a web-browser
SCADA, alarming, reporting, and more — on one platform
Comes with a powerful, unlimited, zero-install IDE — for free
SQL, Python, MQTT and OPC UA
The industry’s best tech support and training
– Dennis Pickle
St. Lucie West Services District
Water districts all over the country trust Ignition with their mission-critical SCADA systems.

                            Ignition SCADA software comes standard with a comprehensive set of data acquisition tools which includes built-in
                            OPC UA to connect to practically any PLC, and the
                            ability to seamlessly connect to any SQL database. Ignition can also turn any SQL database into a high-performance
                           industrial historian and connects to IIoT devices through MQTT.
                        

                            Develop at lightning speed with the Ignition Designer, the
                            industry’s most powerful integrated development environment (IDE), which gives you all the tools you need, all in one
                            place. The Ignition Designer is built into the platform, so it’s instantly available, it’s always the
                            right version, it works on any major OS, and it comes with an unlimited number of concurrent
                            design clients. Now your whole team can work on your project at the same time, from anywhere,
                            at no extra cost!

                        

                            Ignition is engineered to streamline data-throughput so you see true real-time tag values.
                            Ignition’s real-time monitoring gives you the power to quickly see the status of your
                            facility, on any device.
                        
Screens courtesy of Tactical Controls
Screen courtesy of Tamaki Controls

                            With Ignition, you can easily start and stop processes, monitor multiple data points at multiple locations,
                            and check the status of the entire plant floor at any given moment. Ignition comes standard with the
                            Ignition Designer, the industry’s most powerful IDE, so you can effortlessly create optimized
                            
                                HMI screens to do whatever you need.
                        
Screens courtesy of
                            Bixby International (middle) and
                            Kymera Systems (right)

                            Easily create dynamic SCADA dashboards with powerful tools for data analysis. Stay on top of your business
                            objectives with a full library of customizable charts and tables, to monitor key performance indicators,
                            see at-a-glance trending, and more.
                        

                            With Ignition, you can instantly web-launch an unlimited number of zero-install, full runtime clients on
                            virtually any device from a central server. With architectures for virtually every type of system and an
                            unlimited licensing model, Ignition can fit any size of implementation and can easily grow with your
                            company's needs.
                        

                            Get all the tools you need to build full-fledged, totally mobile-responsive SCADA applications that put the full
                            overview and control of your plant floor right on your phone, tablet, and desktop – all with one application.
                        

                            Ignition lets you leverage the power of your mobile device’s intuitive touch inputs,
                            sensors, cameras, and GPS to create the next generation of SCADA applications. With
                            Ignition, you can create pure-web SCADA applications that use HTML5 and CSS3 to run
                            natively on any screen of any size and inside any major web browser.
                        
Easily stay aware of what’s happening at your facility, wherever you are.
Create a full range of dynamic, data-rich reports and send them anywhere.
Easily log data, call stored procedures, and synchronize data bi-directionally.
Turn a SQL database into a high-performance time-series tag historian.
Store-and-forward historical data so you never lose it.
Get mobile access to your control system via smartphones and tablets.
Streamline the creation, organization, and visualization of robust logic systems.

                                    Simply drag-and-drop these symbols to bind them to a process. Using a data-driven
                                    model, these symbols have built-in animations that will automatically change based
                                    on your data.
                                
Choose from thousands of customizable graphics for your project.
Works on Windows, Linux, macOS, and more.

                                    Ignition features ultra-secure SSL technology and supports modern cyber security
                                    protocols such as federated identity infrastructure,  multi-factor authentication
                                    (MFA), and single sign-on (SSO).
                                
Comes out of the box with unlimited, concurrent design clients - for free.
Deliver data to anyone without additional costs.
Scale from a single client installation to an enterprise-wide system with ease.
Easily add fault tolerance for mission-critical systems by adding redundant servers.

                                    Install on a server in just 3 minutes, push updates to clients everywhere,
                                    instantly.
                                

                                    Quickly configure the Ignition gateway and work with the sample project to get a
                                    head start in Ignition development.
                                

                            What is Ignition SCADA and how do I buy it?
                            


                            Ignition SCADA is the fastest, easiest, most versatile SCADA software solution on the planet.
                            Ignition SCADA is a fully integrated solution that consists of the Ignition platform and powerful
                            Ignition modules
                            that add functionality to the platform. A standard Ignition SCADA package consists of these modules:
                            Vision,
                            OPC UA (with drivers),
                            Tag Historian,
                            Alarm Notification,
                            Reporting, and
                            SQL Bridge Modules.
                            You may need a different set of modules depending on what you’re trying to do, to find what you’ll
                            need to create your ideal SCADA system, call us at: 1-800-266-7798


                            What are Ignition modules and how do they work?
                            


                            Ignition is a unified platform for connecting data, and designing and deploying industrial
                            applications throughout an enterprise. The development power of Ignition is extensible
                            through the addition of fully integrated software modules. Each module adds new functions
                            to the Ignition platform, which enables users to create applications for SCADA, MES, IIoT,
                            alarming, reporting, and more. Visit our
                            Modules page to learn more.
                        

                            How does Ignition’s free trial work?
                            


                            You can download the full version of Ignition for free on our
                            download page.
                            Ignition only takes three minutes to install and it comes with all the core
                            modules.
                            By default, Ignition will run in trial mode which will timeout after two hours
                            but you can manually reset it as many times as you wish, which allows you to build and
                            test a full project in Ignition without buying a license. Once you’re ready, you can
                            purchase and install your Ignition license key, which will take Ignition out of trial
                            mode by removing the two-hour timeout. All your previous work will be saved with no
                            additional installation required.

                        

                            What do you mean by “unlimited licensing”?
                            


                            Ignition is sold by the server, so the affordable cost of one license gives you an unlimited
                            number of clients, tags, and connections — the only limiting factor for Ignition is the
                            performance of the hardware you install it on. Visit our
                            Unlimited Licensing
                            page to learn more.
                        

                            Which SQL databases does Ignition support?
                            


                            Ignition supports all of the major SQL databases including Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, and IBM DB2.
                        

                            What kind of devices can Ignition run on?
                            


                            Ignition is cross-platform compatible so it can run on Windows 10 and 11, and Windows Server
                            2016, 2019, and 2022, as well as Linux and macOS. Ignition can run on any device including
                            PCs, laptops, servers, tablets, smartphones, remote field devices, and even Raspberry Pi’s.
                        

                            Is Ignition compatible with other SCADA packages?
                            


                            Yes, Ignition is based on open, non-proprietary, IT-standard technologies. Ignition is fully
                            interoperable and compatible with other SCADA packages along with other industrial and
                            enterprise systems. Ignition was designed to work great alongside other systems or on its
                            own so it’s easy to fit into your existing solutions.
                        

                            Who uses Ignition?
                            


                            Ignition software is used by thousands of integrators and industrial organizations in more
                            than 100 countries. It’s used by some of the biggest companies in the world in industries
                            like oil and gas, water/wastewater, manufacturing, automotive, food processing and more.
                            Visit our
                            Customers
                            page to see some of the companies that trust Ignition every day.
                        

                            Is there training available to learn how to use Ignition?
                            


                            Yes, we offer live Ignition training classes. To see when the next available class is, visit our
                            Training
                            page. We also have hundreds of on-demand training videos available for you to
                            view whenever you want at:
                            inductiveuniversity.com


                    Get fast answers and friendly advice in a one-on-one, online demonstration of how to use
                    Ignition to create the ideal SCADA solution for your business.
                

                    Inductive Automation
                     |  90 Blue Ravine, Folsom, CA 95630
                     |  inductiveautomation.com
 | 
+1 916 456 1045

Some of the companies that depend on Ignition:

                    One platform for SCADA and more?
                

                    Click to see how Ignition works.
                

                    One platform for SCADA and more? Click to see how Ignition works.
                
Platform
Solutions
Partner Solutions
Other Editions
Explore
Software Pricing
Services
Library
Integrators
Distributors
Strategic Partner
Solution Partners
Alliance Partners
Education
Get Help
Training
Company
Communication
connect with us
Download the free Ignition trial

Inductive Automation
•
90 Blue Ravine, Folsom CA,
                    95630
•
1-800-266-7798 (toll-free)
•
+1 916 456 1045 (int'l)
•
Email Us


Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
                     
Cookie Policy
ADA Notice

License Agreement
Terms of Use

Refunds
Sitemap
Security
Brand Resources


                Copyright Ⓒ 2023. Inductive Automation, LLC.  All rights reserved
            
