FactoryTalk Industrial Automation Software | FactoryTalk Loading AUTOMATION FAIR VIRTUAL EXPERIENCE Explore the newest FactoryTalk software innovations from Automation Fair 2022 Discover the newest advancements designed to help you reach your manufacturing operations goals by viewing this curated selection of sessions – available on demand. View the On Demand Sessions FactoryTalk Software FactoryTalk® software is built for supporting an ecosystem of advanced industrial applications, including IoT. It all starts at the edge where manufacturing happens and scales from on-premise to cloud. Imagine supercharging your industrial environment with software that offers cutting edge design, maximizes operational efficiencies, and delivers predictive and augmented maintenance advantages. From process to batch to discrete applications, your most complex challenges are solved with the combination of award-winning Rockwell Automation software, hardware, and services. New Product Spotlights Loading Loading Loading Loading View All Software Products Software Solutions: See What's Possible Gartner MES Magic Quadrant Report Gartner MES Magic Quadrant The 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for MES report recognizes Rockwell Automation as a visionary and Plex Systems as a Leader. Read the Report Loading Digital Transformation at Hindalco Industries Case Study Digital Transformation at Hindalco Industries Hear about the specialized team that Hindalco Industries formed to use digital transformation to solve problems and drive data-informed improvements. Read Now Loading Cloud Manufacturing Software There are many ways the cloud can benefit your business from increasing productivity to accelerating time to market. Learn about the Benefits of Cloud Software Explore Our Solutions Our FactoryTalk software solutions can supercharge your industrial environment. Unleash innovation with cutting edge design, maximize operational efficiencies, and harness the unlimited potential of predictive and augmented maintenance. From process to batch to discrete applications, our combination of award-winning software, hardware and service solutions solve your most complex challenges. System Design Software System Design Software FactoryTalk DesignSuite delivers instant value to architects who can finally use the same language, tools and resources to build or modify your system. Get Started Operations Software Operations Software FactoryTalk OperationSuite software provides immediate data and role-based information to operators in context. Improve Performance Plant Maintenance Software Plant Maintenance Software FactoryTalk MaintenanceSuite provides you with immediate access to a tool for securing, managing, versioning, tracking and reporting automation-related asset information across your entire facility. Reduce Downtime Analytics & IIoT Software Analytics & IIoT Software FactoryTalk InnovationSuite provides the best of today’s IIoT, data analytics, AR and machine learning in one comprehensive solution. Unleash Innovation Explore All Software Offerings Customer Success Take a behind the scenes look at our FactoryTalk solutions at work. Our case studies highlight unique approaches familiar challenges like creating connected frontline workers, decreasing downtime, planning equipment maintenance and adapting to changing business climates. Chevron LeftChevron Left Fonterra Co-operative Group's Digital Journey Case Study Fonterra Co-operative Group's Digital Journey Hear about Fonterra Co-operative Group's journey to leverage digital transformation to inspire trust across manufacturing and enterprise functions. Read Now Sani-Matic Transforms Compliance with Smart System Case Study Sani-Matic Transforms Compliance with Smart System Explore how Sani-Matic improved performance, reporting and compliance with the implementation of a cloud-based system. Read Now Bearing Producer Implements Smart Manufacturing Case Study Bearing Producer Implements Smart Manufacturing Discover what it took for India's largest bearing manufacturer to implement smart manufacturing initiatives at scale. Read Now Digital Twins Help Polpharma Maintain Quality Case Study Digital Twins Help Polpharma Maintain Quality Discover how Polpharma implemented a user-friendly, smart platform for employee training, maintenance and installation supervision. Read Now Southwire Makes The Right Connections Case Study Southwire Makes The Right Connections See how Southwire Company&#39;s digital transformation helped them increase visibility to production issues to improve their operations. Read Now Predictive Maintenance Transforms Shandong Mining Case Study Predictive Maintenance Transforms Shandong Mining Discover how Shandong Mining uses predictive maintenance technology to significantly reduce scheduled maintenance time, costs and more. Read Now Chevron RightChevron Right Chevron LeftChevron Left Chevron RightChevron Right Webinars Looking to learn more about digital transformation, industry trends and software applications? Join us for live and on-demand learning opportunities hosted by our own professionals and our trusted partners. AR/VR in Life Sciences: Beyond the Connected Worker Webinar AR/VR in Life Sciences: Beyond the Connected Worker Remote support with augmented reality has made troubleshooting less troublesome for life sciences companies. Join Us Your Ultimate Guide to MES Webinar Your Ultimate Guide to MES An easy-to-understand guide to controlling factory operations, improving production visibility and driving quality with MES. Join Us Out-of-the-Box IIoT Applications for Rapid Results Webinar Out-of-the-Box IIoT Applications for Rapid Results Take IIoT in the next direction to drive results with out of the box applications. Join Us Cyber Threats to Tier 1 Auto: Mitigate Your Risk Webinar Cyber Threats to Tier 1 Auto: Mitigate Your Risk Learn how to improve the operational readiness of your manufacturing process without compromising security or performance. Join Us View Our Webinars News, Blogs, Updates We have been innovating since 1903. But we never stop asking “What’s next?” So if you’re looking for new ways to optimize your operations and prepare your business for the future, join us. Rockwell Automation Wins “Industrial IoT Solution of the Year” Award Press Release Rockwell Automation Wins “Industrial IoT Solution of the Year” Award Our FactoryTalk® Edge Gateway™ solution has been selected as the winner in the 6th annual IoT Breakthrough Awards program. Read More The ROI of Increased Traceability Automation Report The ROI of Increased Traceability Automation A 2022 Forrester Research report examines the impact of increased serialization efforts on customer experience and customer loyalty. Read the Report 5 Priorities Trending in Manufacturing Today Blog 5 Priorities Trending in Manufacturing Today The State of Smart Manufacturing report revealed common challenges and opportunities from leaders in the industry. Where does your team rank? Read Now Loading The State of Smart Manufacturing Report The State of Smart Manufacturing In this latest report, more than 300 manufacturing leaders share urgent challenges facing their business and how they use technology to address their needs. How can today’s trends help you solve tomorrow’s challenges? Read the Report Ready to Order Your Software? Ordering Options Software SubscriptionsSoftware Subscriptions Ordering Options One stop shopping for software and subscription services. Explore Our Ordering Options Talk to a Consultant DistributorDistributor Talk to a Consultant Work with your local Rockwell Automation sales consultant to discuss your software requirements. Contact Us Need Software Support? Search Knowledgebase Browse the database of questions and answers on a variety of products and technologies. Find Answers CloseClose Chevron DownChevron Down Find Out More Take the Next Step In Your Smart Manufacturing Journey Are you looking for what’s next in your digital transformation? Mark your calendar for MESA’s Inaugural Virtual Event! Hear from MESA’s subject matter experts and get key insights on all things smart manufacturing – from Industry 4.0 and Digital Twin/Thread to OEM Operations, Digital Transformation and more. Secure your spot Close Close SupportSupport Contact Us Chevron UpChevron Up How may we help you? Chevron DownChevron Down Sales Customer Care TechConnect Support General Questions Chevron LeftChevron Left Rockwell Automation Home Chevron RightChevron Right Chevron LeftChevron Left Products Chevron RightChevron Right Chevron LeftChevron Left Software Chevron RightChevron Right Chevron LeftChevron Left FactoryTalk Chevron RightChevron Right ✕